---
# DO NOT TOUCH — This file was automatically generated by @minecraft/api-docs-generator, to report problems file an issue at https://github.com/Mojang/minecraft-scripting-libraries
author: jakeshirley
ms.author: jashir
ms.service: minecraft-bedrock-edition
ms.date: 02/10/2025
title: minecraft/server-admin.AsyncPlayerJoinBeforeEvent Class
description: Contents of the @minecraft/server-admin.AsyncPlayerJoinBeforeEvent class.
---
# AsyncPlayerJoinBeforeEvent Class

The data available before a player joins the world.

## Properties

### **name**
`read-only name: string;`

The player's name

Type: *string*

### **persistentId**
`read-only persistentId: string;`

An identifier that can be used to identify a player across sessions.

Type: *string*

## Methods
- [allowJoin](#allowjoin)
- [disallowJoin](#disallowjoin)
- [disconnect](#disconnect)
- [isValid](#isvalid)

### **allowJoin**
`
allowJoin(): void
`

Call this to explicitly allow the player to join the server.  This is useful when player joining is disabled (`allow-player-joining` is set to `false` when playing on dedicated server).
  
Notes:
- This function can throw errors.
  - Throws [*DisconnectedError*](DisconnectedError.md)

### **disallowJoin**
`
disallowJoin(reason?: string): void
`

Call this to disallow the player from joining the server. This is useful for preventing unauthorized access to the server.

#### **Parameters**
- **reason**?: *string* = `null`
  
Notes:
- This function can throw errors.
  - Throws [*DisconnectedError*](DisconnectedError.md)

### **disconnect**
`
disconnect(reason?: string): void
`

Deprecated - use {@link disallowJoin} instead.Call this to disconnect a player. They will be allowed to try to join again. They will be allowed to try to join again after being disconnected.

#### **Parameters**
- **reason**?: *string* = `null`
  
Notes:
- This function can throw errors.
  - Throws [*DisconnectedError*](DisconnectedError.md)

### **isValid**
`
isValid(): boolean
`

Will return true if the player is still waiting to join the world. If they disconnect then it will return false.

**Returns** *boolean*
