---
# DO NOT TOUCH — This file was automatically generated by @minecraft/api-docs-generator, to report problems file an issue at https://github.com/Mojang/minecraft-scripting-libraries
author: jakeshirley
ms.author: jashir
ms.service: minecraft-bedrock-edition
ms.date: 02/10/2025
title: minecraft/server.AimAssistPresetSettings Class
description: Contents of the @minecraft/server.AimAssistPresetSettings class.
monikerRange: "=minecraft-bedrock-experimental"
---
# AimAssistPresetSettings Class

> [!CAUTION]
> This class is still in pre-release.  Its signature may change or it may be removed in future releases.

Settings used with AimAssistRegistry.addPreset for creation of the AimAssistPreset.

## Properties

### **defaultItemSettings**
`defaultItemSettings?: string;`

Optional. Default aim-assist category Id used for items not provided to setItemSettings.

Type: *string*

Notes:
  - This property can't be edited in restricted-execution mode.

### **handSettings**
`handSettings?: string;`

Optional. Aim-assist category Id used for an empty hand.

Type: *string*

Notes:
  - This property can't be edited in restricted-execution mode.

### **identifier**
`read-only identifier: string;`

The unique Id used to register the preset with. Must have a namespace.

Type: *string*

## Methods
- [constructor](#constructor)
- [getExcludedBlockTagTargets](#getexcludedblocktagtargets)
- [getExcludedBlockTargets](#getexcludedblocktargets)
- [getExcludedEntityTargets](#getexcludedentitytargets)
- [getItemSettings](#getitemsettings)
- [getLiquidTargetingItems](#getliquidtargetingitems)
- [setExcludedBlockTagTargets](#setexcludedblocktagtargets)
- [setExcludedBlockTargets](#setexcludedblocktargets)
- [setExcludedEntityTargets](#setexcludedentitytargets)
- [setItemSettings](#setitemsettings)
- [setLiquidTargetingItems](#setliquidtargetingitems)

### **constructor**
`
new AimAssistPresetSettings(identifier: string)
`

Constructor that takes a unique Id to associate with the created AimAssistPreset. Must have a namespace.

#### **Parameters**
- **identifier**: *string*

**Returns** [*AimAssistPresetSettings*](AimAssistPresetSettings.md)

### **getExcludedBlockTagTargets**
`
getExcludedBlockTagTargets(): string[] | undefined
`

Gets the list of block tags to exclude from aim assist targeting.

**Returns** *string*[] | *undefined* - The array of block tags.

### **getExcludedBlockTargets**
`
getExcludedBlockTargets(): string[] | undefined
`

Gets the list of block Ids to exclude from aim assist targeting.

**Returns** *string*[] | *undefined* - The array of block Ids.

### **getExcludedEntityTargets**
`
getExcludedEntityTargets(): string[] | undefined
`

Gets the list of entity Ids to exclude from aim assist targeting.

**Returns** *string*[] | *undefined* - The array of entity Ids.

### **getItemSettings**
`
getItemSettings(): Record<string, string>
`

Gets the per-item aim-assist category Ids.

**Returns** Record<*string*, *string*> - The record mapping item Ids to aim-assist category Ids.

### **getLiquidTargetingItems**
`
getLiquidTargetingItems(): string[] | undefined
`

Gets the list of item Ids that will target liquid blocks with aim-assist when being held.

**Returns** *string*[] | *undefined* - The array of item Ids.

### **setExcludedBlockTagTargets**
`
setExcludedBlockTagTargets(targets?: string[]): void
`

Sets the list of block tags to exclude from aim assist targeting.

#### **Parameters**
- **targets**?: *string*[]
  
  An array of block tags.

**Returns** *void*
  
Notes:
- This function can't be called in restricted-execution mode.

### **setExcludedBlockTargets**
`
setExcludedBlockTargets(targets?: (minecraftvanilladata.MinecraftBlockTypes | string)[]): void
`

Sets the list of block Ids to exclude from aim assist targeting.

#### **Parameters**
- **targets**?: (*minecraftvanilladata.MinecraftBlockTypes* | *string*)[]
  
  An array of block Ids.

**Returns** *void*
  
Notes:
- This function can't be called in restricted-execution mode.

### **setExcludedEntityTargets**
`
setExcludedEntityTargets(targets?: (minecraftvanilladata.MinecraftEntityTypes | string)[]): void
`

Sets the list of entity Ids to exclude from aim assist targeting.

#### **Parameters**
- **targets**?: (*minecraftvanilladata.MinecraftEntityTypes* | *string*)[]
  
  An array of entity Ids.

**Returns** *void*
  
Notes:
- This function can't be called in restricted-execution mode.

### **setItemSettings**
`
setItemSettings(itemSettings: Record<keyof typeof minecraftvanilladata.MinecraftItemTypes | string, string>): void
`

Sets the per-item aim-assist category Ids.

#### **Parameters**
- **itemSettings**: *Record<keyof typeof minecraftvanilladata.MinecraftItemTypes | string, string>*
  
  A record mapping item Ids to aim-assist category Ids. Category Ids must have a namespace.

**Returns** *void*
  
Notes:
- This function can't be called in restricted-execution mode.

### **setLiquidTargetingItems**
`
setLiquidTargetingItems(items?: (minecraftvanilladata.MinecraftItemTypes | string)[]): void
`

Sets the list of item Ids that will target liquid blocks with aim-assist when being held.

#### **Parameters**
- **items**?: (*minecraftvanilladata.MinecraftItemTypes* | *string*)[]
  
  An array of item Ids.

**Returns** *void*
  
Notes:
- This function can't be called in restricted-execution mode.
