---
# DO NOT TOUCH — This file was automatically generated by @minecraft/api-docs-generator, to report problems file an issue at https://github.com/Mojang/minecraft-scripting-libraries
author: jakeshirley
ms.author: jashir
ms.service: minecraft-bedrock-edition
ms.date: 02/10/2025
title: minecraft/server.MatchToolCondition Class
description: Contents of the @minecraft/server.MatchToolCondition class.
monikerRange: "=minecraft-bedrock-experimental"
---
# MatchToolCondition Class

> [!CAUTION]
> This class is still in pre-release.  Its signature may change or it may be removed in future releases.

## Extends
- [*LootItemCondition*](LootItemCondition.md)

Loot item condition that checks whether an appropriate tool was used to trigger the loot event. Can describe item type, count, durability, enchantments, or arrays of item tags to compare against.

## Properties

### **count**
`read-only count: minecraftcommon.NumberRange;`

The stack size, or count, required for this condition to pass.

Type: [*@minecraft/common.NumberRange*](../../../scriptapi/minecraft/common/NumberRange.md)

### **durability**
`read-only durability: minecraftcommon.NumberRange;`

The durability value required for this condition to pass.

Type: [*@minecraft/common.NumberRange*](../../../scriptapi/minecraft/common/NumberRange.md)

### **enchantments**
`read-only enchantments: EnchantInfo[];`

Array of enchantments required for this condition to pass.

Type: [*EnchantInfo*](EnchantInfo.md)[]

### **itemName**
`read-only itemName: string;`

The name of the tool item required for this condition to pass.

Type: *string*

### **itemTagsAll**
`read-only itemTagsAll: string[];`

Array of item tags which ALL must be matched for this condition to pass.

Type: *string*[]

### **itemTagsAny**
`read-only itemTagsAny: string[];`

Array of item tags, from which at least 1 must be matched for this condition to pass.

Type: *string*[]

### **itemTagsNone**
`read-only itemTagsNone: string[];`

Array of item tags, from which exactly zero must match for this condition to pass.

Type: *string*[]
