---
# DO NOT TOUCH — This file was automatically generated by @minecraft/api-docs-generator, to report problems file an issue at https://github.com/Mojang/minecraft-scripting-libraries
author: jakeshirley
ms.author: jashir
ms.service: minecraft-bedrock-edition
ms.date: 02/10/2025
title: minecraft/server.PrimitiveShape Class
description: Contents of the @minecraft/server.PrimitiveShape class.
monikerRange: "=minecraft-bedrock-experimental"
---
# PrimitiveShape Class

> [!CAUTION]
> This class is still in pre-release.  Its signature may change or it may be removed in future releases.

## Classes that extend PrimitiveShape
- [*TextPrimitive*](TextPrimitive.md)

The base class for a text primitive. Represents an object in the world and its base properties.

## Properties

### **attachedTo**
`attachedTo?: Entity;`

The entity this shape is attached to. When set, this shape will copy the root location of the attached entity and the shape's position will be used as an offset.

Type: [*Entity*](Entity.md)

### **color**
`color: RGBA;`

The color of the shape.

Type: [*RGBA*](RGBA.md)

### **dimension**
`read-only dimension: Dimension;`

The dimension the shape is visible within. If the dimension is undefined, it will display in all dimensions.

Type: [*Dimension*](Dimension.md)

### **hasDuration**
`read-only hasDuration: boolean;`

Returns true if the shape has a limited time span before being removed.

Type: *boolean*

### **location**
`read-only location: Vector3;`

The location of the shape.

Type: [*Vector3*](Vector3.md)

### **maximumRenderDistance**
`maximumRenderDistance?: number;`

If defined, this distance will be used to determine how far away this primitive will be rendered for each client. By default the distance will match the client's render distance setting.

Type: *number*

Notes:
  - This property has a minimum bound of `0`

### **rotation**
`rotation: Vector3;`

The rotation of the shape (Euler angles - [Pitch, Yaw, Roll]).

Type: [*Vector3*](Vector3.md)

### **scale**
`scale: number;`

The scale of the shape.

Type: *number*

Notes:
  - This property has a bounds of [`-1000`, `1000`]

### **timeLeft**
`timeLeft?: number;`

The time left (in seconds) until this shape is automatically removed. Returns undefined if the shape does not have a limited life-span.

Type: *number*

### **totalTimeLeft**
`read-only totalTimeLeft?: number;`

The total initial time-span (in seconds) until this shape is automatically removed. Returns undefined if the shape does not have a limited life-span.

Type: *number*

### **visibleTo**
`visibleTo: Player[];`

The list of players that this shape will be visible to. If left empty, the shape will be visible to all players.

Type: [*Player*](Player.md)[]

## Methods
- [remove](#remove)
- [setLocation](#setlocation)

### **remove**
`
remove(): void
`

Removes this shape from the world. The shape can be re-added via the PrimitiveShapesManager's addText method.

### **setLocation**
`
setLocation(location: DimensionLocation | Vector3): void
`

Set the location and dimension of the shape. If the dimension is undefined, it will display in all dimensions.

#### **Parameters**
- **location**: [*DimensionLocation*](DimensionLocation.md) | [*Vector3*](Vector3.md)
