---
# DO NOT TOUCH — This file was automatically generated by @minecraft/api-docs-generator, to report problems file an issue at https://github.com/Mojang/minecraft-scripting-libraries
author: jakeshirley
ms.author: jashir
ms.service: minecraft-bedrock-edition
ms.date: 02/10/2025
title: minecraft/server-1xx.EntityAgeableComponent Class
description: Contents of the @minecraft/server.EntityAgeableComponent class (Version 1.x.x).
---
# EntityAgeableComponent Class (Version 1.x.x)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This documentation is for an older version of this module. Go to the latest documentation [*here*](../../../scriptapi/minecraft/server/EntityAgeableComponent.md).

## Extends
- [*EntityComponent*](EntityComponent.md)

Adds a timer for the entity to grow up. It can be accelerated by giving the entity the items it likes as defined by feedItems.

## Properties

### **duration**
`read-only duration: number;`

Amount of time before the entity grows up, -1 for always a baby.

Type: *number*

Notes:
  - This property can throw errors when used.

### **growUp**
`read-only growUp: Trigger;`

Event that runs when this entity grows up.

Type: [*Trigger*](Trigger.md)

Notes:
  - This property can throw errors when used.

### **transformToItem**
`read-only transformToItem: string;`

The feed item used will transform into this item upon successful interaction.

Type: *string*

Notes:
  - This property can throw errors when used.

## Methods
- [getDropItems](#getdropitems)
- [getFeedItems](#getfeeditems)

### **getDropItems**
`
getDropItems(): string[]
`

List of items that the entity drops when it grows up.

**Returns** *string*[]
  
Notes:
- This function can throw errors.

### **getFeedItems**
`
getFeedItems(): EntityDefinitionFeedItem[]
`

List of items that can be fed to the entity. Includes 'item' for the item name and 'growth' to define how much time it grows up by.

**Returns** [*EntityDefinitionFeedItem*](EntityDefinitionFeedItem.md)[]
  
Notes:
- This function can throw errors.

## Constants

### **componentId**
`static read-only componentId = "minecraft:ageable";`

Type: *string*
