---
# DO NOT TOUCH — This file was automatically generated by @minecraft/api-docs-generator, to report problems file an issue at https://github.com/Mojang/minecraft-scripting-libraries
author: jakeshirley
ms.author: jashir
ms.service: minecraft-bedrock-edition
ms.date: 02/10/2025
title: minecraft/server-1xx.PlayerInputPermissions Class
description: Contents of the @minecraft/server.PlayerInputPermissions class (Version 1.x.x).
---
# PlayerInputPermissions Class (Version 1.x.x)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This documentation is for an older version of this module. Go to the latest documentation [*here*](../../../scriptapi/minecraft/server/PlayerInputPermissions.md).

Contains APIs to enable/disable player input permissions.

## Properties

### **cameraEnabled**
`cameraEnabled: boolean;`

Camera input permissions for the player. If set to true, input relating to camera movement is enabled for the player.

Type: *boolean*

> [!CAUTION]
> This property is deprecated and will be removed in 2.0.0.

### **movementEnabled**
`movementEnabled: boolean;`

Movement input permissions for the player. If set to true input relating to movement is enabled for the player.

Type: *boolean*

> [!CAUTION]
> This property is deprecated and will be removed in 2.0.0.

## Methods
- [isPermissionCategoryEnabled](#ispermissioncategoryenabled)
- [setPermissionCategory](#setpermissioncategory)

### **isPermissionCategoryEnabled**
`
isPermissionCategoryEnabled(permissionCategory: InputPermissionCategory): boolean
`

Returns true if an input permission is enabled.

#### **Parameters**
- **permissionCategory**: [*InputPermissionCategory*](InputPermissionCategory.md)

**Returns** *boolean*
  
Notes:
- This function can't be called in read-only mode.
- This function can throw errors.

### **setPermissionCategory**
`
setPermissionCategory(permissionCategory: InputPermissionCategory, isEnabled: boolean): void
`

Enable or disable an input permission. When enabled the input will work, when disabled will not work.

#### **Parameters**
- **permissionCategory**: [*InputPermissionCategory*](InputPermissionCategory.md)
- **isEnabled**: *boolean*
  
Notes:
- This function can't be called in read-only mode.
- This function can throw errors.
