---
# DO NOT TOUCH — This file was automatically generated by @minecraft/api-docs-generator, to report problems file an issue at https://github.com/Mojang/minecraft-scripting-libraries
author: jakeshirley
ms.author: jashir
ms.service: minecraft-bedrock-edition
ms.date: 02/10/2025
title: minecraft/server-editor.IListPaneSlot Interface
description: Contents of the @minecraft/server-editor.IListPaneSlot class.
---
# IListPaneSlot Interface

List Pane slot

## Properties

### **entryCount**
`read-only entryCount: number;`

Count of entries.

Type: *number*

### **id**
`read-only id: string;`

Unique identifier of the slot.

Type: *string*

### **paneId**
`read-only paneId: string;`

Unique identifier of the parent pane.

Type: *string*

### **selected**
`read-only selected: boolean;`

Selected state of the slot.

Type: *boolean*

### **tags**
`read-only tags: ReadonlyArray<string>;`

List of tags associated with the slot.

Type: *ReadonlyArray<string>*

### **title**
`read-only title: LocalizedString;`

Count of entries.

Type: *LocalizedString*

## Methods
- [getEntry](#getentry)
- [getUserData](#getuserdata)
- [setSelected](#setselected)
- [setTags](#settags)
- [setTitle](#settitle)
- [setUserData](#setuserdata)

### **getEntry**
`
getEntry(index: number, type?: K): K extends ListPaneEntryType ? ListPaneEntryMap[K] : IListPaneEntry | undefined
`

Finds the entry with the index if it exists.

#### **Parameters**
- **index**: *number*
  
  Sequence index of the entry in the slot.
- **type**?: *K*
  
  Optional type check for the entry.

**Returns** *K extends ListPaneEntryType ? ListPaneEntryMap[K] : IListPaneEntry* | *undefined*

### **getUserData**
`
getUserData(): unknown
`

**Returns** *unknown* - User data associated with the slot.

### **setSelected**
`
setSelected(selected: boolean): void
`

Updates selected state of the slot.

#### **Parameters**
- **selected**: *boolean*
  
  New selected state.

**Returns** *void*

### **setTags**
`
setTags(tags: string[] | undefined): void
`

Updates tags of the slot.

#### **Parameters**
- **tags**: *string*[] | *undefined*
  
  New tag list.

**Returns** *void*

### **setTitle**
`
setTitle(title: LocalizedString): void
`

Updates title of the slot.

#### **Parameters**
- **title**: *LocalizedString*
  
  New title.

**Returns** *void*

### **setUserData**
`
setUserData(data: unknown): void
`

Updates user data associated with the slot

#### **Parameters**
- **data**: *unknown*
  
  New user data.

**Returns** *void*
