---
# DO NOT TOUCH — This file was automatically generated by @minecraft/api-docs-generator, to report problems file an issue at https://github.com/Mojang/minecraft-scripting-libraries
author: jakeshirley
ms.author: jashir
ms.service: minecraft-bedrock-edition
ms.date: 02/10/2025
title: minecraft/server-editor.IListPanePropertyItemOptions Interface
description: Contents of the @minecraft/server-editor.IListPanePropertyItemOptions class.
---
# IListPanePropertyItemOptions Interface

## Extends
- *IPropertyItemOptionsBase*

Optional properties for List Pane property item

## Properties

### **defaultSlots**
`defaultSlots?: ListPaneSlotCreationProps[];`

Default slots to initialize the list with. If undefined, the list will be empty.

Type: *ListPaneSlotCreationProps*[]

### **fixedHeight**
`fixedHeight?: boolean;`

If true, pane height will not change based on slot count. If undefined, it will default to false

Type: *boolean*

### **height**
`height?: number;`

This will be the height of the list within the pane

Type: *number*

### **onSlotClicked**
`onSlotClicked?: (arg0: IListPaneSlot) => void;`

This callback is fired whenever a clickable slot is pressed

Type: (arg0: *IListPaneSlot*) => *void*

### **onSlotSelectionChange**
`onSlotSelectionChange?: (arg0: IListPaneSlot, arg1: boolean) => void;`

This callback is fired whenever selected state of a slot is changed

Type: (arg0: *IListPaneSlot*, arg1: *boolean*) => *void*

### **slotConfig**
`slotConfig: ListPaneSlotConfiguration;`

Slot configuration for the list. The slot entry layout must be predefined, and using an incorrect layout while creating slots will throw an error.

Type: *ListPaneSlotConfiguration*

### **title**
`title?: LocalizedString;`

Localized title of the property item.

Type: *LocalizedString*

### **viewFilter**
`viewFilter?: ListPaneViewFilter;`

Filter properties for viewing subset of slots.

Type: *ListPaneViewFilter*

### **viewSortType**
`viewSortType?: ListPaneViewSortType;`

Sort type for the slots in the view. If undefined, default list order will be used.

Type: *ListPaneViewSortType*
