---
# DO NOT TOUCH — This file was automatically generated by @minecraft/api-docs-generator, to report problems file an issue at https://github.com/Mojang/minecraft-scripting-libraries
author: jakeshirley
ms.author: jashir
ms.service: minecraft-bedrock-edition
ms.date: 02/10/2025
title: minecraft/debug-utilities.DebugShape Class
description: Contents of the @minecraft/debug-utilities.DebugShape class.
---
# DebugShape Class

## Classes that extend DebugShape
- [*DebugBox*](DebugBox.md)
- [*DebugCircle*](DebugCircle.md)
- [*DebugLine*](DebugLine.md)
- [*DebugSphere*](DebugSphere.md)
- [*DebugText*](DebugText.md)

The base class for all debug shapes. Represents an object in the world and its base properties.

## Properties

### **color**
`color: minecraftserver.RGB;`

The color of the shape.

Type: [*@minecraft/server.RGB*](../../../scriptapi/minecraft/server/RGB.md)

### **dimension**
`read-only dimension: minecraftserver.Dimension;`

The dimension the shape is visible within. If the dimension is undefined, it will display in all dimensions.

Type: [*@minecraft/server.Dimension*](../../../scriptapi/minecraft/server/Dimension.md)

### **hasDuration**
`read-only hasDuration: boolean;`

Returns true if the shape has a limited time span before being removed.

Type: *boolean*

### **location**
`read-only location: minecraftserver.Vector3;`

The location of the shape. For most shapes the location is the centre of the shape, except DebugLine and DebugArrow where this represents the start point of the line.

Type: [*@minecraft/server.Vector3*](../../../scriptapi/minecraft/server/Vector3.md)

### **rotation**
`rotation: minecraftserver.Vector3;`

The rotation of the shape (Euler angles - [Pitch, Yaw, Roll]).

Type: [*@minecraft/server.Vector3*](../../../scriptapi/minecraft/server/Vector3.md)

### **scale**
`scale: number;`

The scale of the shape. This does not apply to DebugLine or DebugArrow.

Type: *number*

### **timeLeft**
`timeLeft?: number;`

The time left (in seconds) until this shape is automatically removed. Returns undefined if the shape does not have a limited life-span.

Type: *number*

### **totalTimeLeft**
`read-only totalTimeLeft?: number;`

The total initial time-span (in seconds) until this shape is automatically removed. Returns undefined if the shape does not have a limited life-span.

Type: *number*

## Methods
- [remove](#remove)
- [setLocation](#setlocation)

### **remove**
`
remove(): void
`

Removes this shape from the world. The shape can be re-added via the DebugDrawer's addShape method.

### **setLocation**
`
setLocation(location: minecraftserver.DimensionLocation | minecraftserver.Vector3): void
`

Set the location and dimension of the shape. If the dimension is undefined, it will display in all dimensions. For most shapes the location is the centre of the shape, except DebugLine and DebugArrow where this represents the start point of the line.

#### **Parameters**
- **location**: [*@minecraft/server.DimensionLocation*](../../../scriptapi/minecraft/server/DimensionLocation.md) | [*@minecraft/server.Vector3*](../../../scriptapi/minecraft/server/Vector3.md)
