---
# DO NOT TOUCH — This file was automatically generated by @minecraft/api-docs-generator, to report problems file an issue at https://github.com/Mojang/minecraft-scripting-libraries
author: jakeshirley
ms.author: jashir
ms.service: minecraft-bedrock-edition
ms.date: 02/10/2025
title: minecraft/debug-utilities.DebugText Class
description: Contents of the @minecraft/debug-utilities.DebugText class.
---
# DebugText Class

## Extends
- [*DebugShape*](DebugShape.md)

A debug shape class that represents a text label in the world with a background.

## Properties

### **backfaceVisible**
`backfaceVisible: boolean;`

If set to true, the debug text will render the back-face of the background. Defaults to true but will always be false if 'useRotation' is set to false.

Type: *boolean*

### **backgroundColorOverride**
`backgroundColorOverride?: minecraftserver.RGBA;`

The color of the background plate of the text. If set to undefined, it will use the default color.

Type: [*@minecraft/server.RGBA*](../../../scriptapi/minecraft/server/RGBA.md)

### **depthTest**
`depthTest: boolean;`

If set to true, the text will be hidden behind blocks or entities. By default this is set to false (will always render).

Type: *boolean*

### **text**
`read-only text: minecraftserver.RawMessage | string;`

Get the text of the debug text shape. Returns the RawText of the debug text if `setText` was called with a RawMessage or a RawText object, otherwise returns a string.

Type: [*@minecraft/server.RawMessage*](../../../scriptapi/minecraft/server/RawMessage.md) | *string*

### **textBackfaceVisible**
`textBackfaceVisible: boolean;`

If set to true, the debug text will render the back-face of the text. Defaults to true but will always be false if 'useRotation' is set to false.

Type: *boolean*

### **useRotation**
`useRotation: boolean;`

If set to true, the text will not face the camera and instead will use the rotation from the shape.

Type: *boolean*

## Methods
- [constructor](#constructor)
- [setText](#settext)

### **constructor**
`
new DebugText(location: minecraftserver.DimensionLocation | minecraftserver.Vector3, text: minecraftserver.RawMessage | string)
`

#### **Parameters**
- **location**: [*@minecraft/server.DimensionLocation*](../../../scriptapi/minecraft/server/DimensionLocation.md) | [*@minecraft/server.Vector3*](../../../scriptapi/minecraft/server/Vector3.md)
- **text**: [*@minecraft/server.RawMessage*](../../../scriptapi/minecraft/server/RawMessage.md) | *string*

**Returns** [*DebugText*](DebugText.md)

### **setText**
`
setText(text: minecraftserver.RawMessage | string): void
`

Sets the text to display.

#### **Parameters**
- **text**: [*@minecraft/server.RawMessage*](../../../scriptapi/minecraft/server/RawMessage.md) | *string*
  
Notes:
- This function can throw errors.
  - Throws [*@minecraft/server.RawMessageError*](../../../scriptapi/minecraft/server/RawMessageError.md)
