---
# DO NOT TOUCH — This file was automatically generated by @minecraft/api-docs-generator, to report problems file an issue at https://github.com/Mojang/minecraft-scripting-libraries
author: jakeshirley
ms.author: jashir
ms.service: minecraft-bedrock-edition
ms.date: 02/10/2025
title: minecraft/server-ui.MessageBox Class
description: Contents of the @minecraft/server-ui.MessageBox class.
monikerRange: "=minecraft-bedrock-experimental"
---
# MessageBox Class

> [!CAUTION]
> This class is still in pre-release.  Its signature may change or it may be removed in future releases.

A simple message form UI, 2 buttons and a text body.

## Methods
- [body](#body)
- [button1](#button1)
- [button2](#button2)
- [close](#close)
- [isShowing](#isshowing)
- [show](#show)
- [create](#create)

### **body**
`
body(text: Observable<string> | Observable<UIRawMessage> | string | UIRawMessage): MessageBox
`

Sets the data for the text in the body of the message box. It is contained within a scroll view to allow for lots of text.

#### **Parameters**
- **text**: *Observable<string>* | *Observable<UIRawMessage>* | *string* | *UIRawMessage*

**Returns** *MessageBox*

### **button1**
`
button1(label: Observable<string> | Observable<UIRawMessage> | string | UIRawMessage, tooltip?: Observable<string> | Observable<UIRawMessage> | string | UIRawMessage): MessageBox
`

Sets the data for the top button in the message box.

#### **Parameters**
- **label**: *Observable<string>* | *Observable<UIRawMessage>* | *string* | *UIRawMessage*
- **tooltip**?: *Observable<string>* | *Observable<UIRawMessage>* | *string* | *UIRawMessage*

**Returns** *MessageBox*

### **button2**
`
button2(label: Observable<string> | Observable<UIRawMessage> | string | UIRawMessage, tooltip?: Observable<string> | Observable<UIRawMessage> | string | UIRawMessage): MessageBox
`

Sets the data for the bottom button in the message box.

#### **Parameters**
- **label**: *Observable<string>* | *Observable<UIRawMessage>* | *string* | *UIRawMessage*
- **tooltip**?: *Observable<string>* | *Observable<UIRawMessage>* | *string* | *UIRawMessage*

**Returns** *MessageBox*

### **close**
`
close(): void
`

Tell the client to close the message box. Throws {@link FormCloseError} if the message box is not open.

**Returns** *void*

### **isShowing**
`
isShowing(): boolean
`

Returns true if the message box is currently being shown to the player.

**Returns** *boolean*

### **show**
`
show(): Promise<MessageBoxResult>
`

Show this message box to the player. Will return a result even if the client was busy (i.e. in another menu). Will throw if the user disconnects.

**Returns** *Promise<MessageBoxResult>*

### **create**
`
static create(player: minecraftserver.Player, title: Observable<string> | Observable<UIRawMessage> | string | UIRawMessage): MessageBox
`

Creates a message box for a certain player. Use this instead of a constructor.

#### **Parameters**
- **player**: *minecraftserver.Player*
- **title**: *Observable<string>* | *Observable<UIRawMessage>* | *string* | *UIRawMessage*

**Returns** *MessageBox*
